1. What is index; types of indices; pros and cons
  -Database object that is used to speed up reads and writes. Sort of like the idx in a textbook
  -Clustered idx + Non-Clustered Idx
  
  -Pros: speed up reads and writes, optimize sorting
  -Con: extra space is needed for non-clustered idx, slows down INSERT, UPDATE, DEL because we need to update multiple keys.
  
2. What's the difference between Primary key and Unique constraint?
  -PK to uniquely identify records, UK to prevent duplicates
  -Only one primary key per table, but can have multiple unique keys
  -PK creates and uses Clustered Idx, UK creates non-clustered idx

3. Tell me about check constraint
  -It's used in specifying rules for columns in a table
  -age>17, not NULL, UNIQUE

4. Difference between temp table and table variable

5. Difference between WHERE and HAVING
  -WHERE is used in filtering non-aggregate columns, while HAVING is used in filtering aggregate cols
6. Difference between RANK() and DenseRank() — value gap

7. COUNT(*) vs. COUNT(colName)
  -COUNT* counts all rows in a table, disregarding NULL. COUNT is the oppo.

8. What's the difference between left join and inner join? JOIN and Subquery, which one has a

better performance, why?

9. What is correlated subquery
  A subuery where the inner query depends in values from the outer query.

10. What is a CTE, why do we need CTE?

11. What does SQL Profiler do?
  It chooses the best 
  
12. What is SQL injection, how to avoid SQL injection?

13. Difference between SP and user defined function? When to use SP when to use function?

14. Criteria of Union and Union all? Difference between UNION and UNION ALL

15. Steps you take to improve SQL Queries

16. concurrency problem in transaction

17. what is deadlock, how to prevent

18. what is normalization, 1NF - BCNF, benefits using normalization

19. what are the system defined databases?
  SystemDB
20. composite key

21. candidate key

22. DDL vs. DML

23. ACID property

24. table scan vs. index scan

25. Difference between Union and JOIN
